# Database of Measured Harvested Energy by Battery-free Devices and Trace Analysis

This file describes the content of the repository where this [README](README.md) file is located.

### Structure of this repository

- `parsed_traces`: Directory containing output files generated by `parse_traces.py` for each trace file in each directory of `raw_traces`. These files (stored in the same directory name as the corresponding directory in `raw_traces`) are as follows.
    - `X_on_off_samples_list.txt`: Trace of activity of battery-free device as needed by the [Powertrace plugin](https://github.com/iiKoe/ICEmu/blob/master/src/plugins/powertrace_plugin/Powertrace.cpp). File is a list of differentially-cumulatively-formatted samples list in the format 
`[0, (last_sample_1 - first_sample_1) + 0, (last_sample_2 - first_sample_2) + ((last_sample_1 - first_sample_1) + 0), ... ]`, where `first_sample_X` and `last_sample_X` is the first and last sample (in milliseconds) of activity period `X`.
    - `X_stats.txt`: Statistics on the battery-free device activity for the corresponding trace, such as minimum, maximum and average activity duration, with corresponding voltage threshold values and experiment duration.
    - `X_parsed_figure.pdf`: Image of the processed input trace with superimposed voltage thresholds and marked periods of battery-free device activity.
    - `X_thumbnail.pdf`: Image of the processed input trace _only_, i.e. without axes, labels, voltage thresholds and marked periods of battery-free device activity.
- `raw_traces`: Directory containing traces of voltage measurements at the output of energy harvester of a battery-free device. Specifically, the following measurement traces are stored.
  - `MSPSim_traces`: Copy of traces from [MSPSim (mementos branch)](https://github.com/ransford/mspsim/tree/mementos/traces) repository. Detail explanation of these traces is given in a separate [README](raw_traces/MSPSim_traces/README.md).
- `parse_traces.py`: Script to process each input trace from each directory in `raw_traces` directory and store them into respective directories in `parsed_traces`. The script generates output files for each input trace file, as listed for `parsed_traces` directory above.
- `README.md`: This file.

### Copyright

Copyright (C) 2021 [Anonymized]

MIT Licence. See main [License](../../../LICENSE) file of this repository for details.